docs(spring): add short description of scope property (#7172)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/apis-tools/camunda-spring-boot-starter/configuration.md

https://github.com/camunda/camunda/blob/main/clients/camunda-spring-boot-starter/src/main/resources/modes/self-managed.yaml
```

> For some specific setup (e.g EntraID), you might need to define additional properties like `camunda.client.zeebe.scope` in addition to the defaults provided by the mode.

Reviewer: In 8.8 the property is:
```suggestion
For some specific setup (e.g [Microsoft Entra ID](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity)), you might need to define additional properties like `camunda.client.auth.scope` in addition to the defaults provided by the mode, see the [`camunda.client.auth`-Properties reference](./properties-reference.md) for a full overview.
```
